# Changelog

The product is currently under rapid iteration, and the version is updated on a weekly basis. The details are as follows:

**March 15, 2024**
1. Commission Rewards feature is now live.

**February 29, 2024**
1. Subscription Service Now Available.

**December 30, 2023**
1. 7 credit tasks have been launched in the task system.

**December 25, 2023**
1. Implemented a task system that allows users to earn credits by checking in regularly.
2. Upgraded the invitation feature, enabling users to receive increased credit rewards by inviting friends.
3. Added support for viewing a detailed breakdown of credits in your personal account.

**December 14, 2023**
1. Introduced the "Trending" section for robots, which recommends a diverse range of popular and trending robots.
2. Enabled the import and export of robots in multiple platform formats during the creation process.
3. Added the ability to report or block specific robots.

**December 7, 2023**
1. The new LLM, Answer42, has been released for gray-scale testing.

**November 30, 2023**
1. Optimized bot tagging system.

As of November 21, the following features have been launched:
1. AI chat supports 5 languages (English, Spanish, Russian, Chinese, Japanese).
2. Supports web and mobile platforms.
3. Chat allows for customizable chat background and user-defined character images.
4. Exciting chat moments can be shared to the Bot details page.
5. Memory capability upgraded, automatically summarizes conversations during long chat sessions.
6. More customizable chat features (message length, language model switching).
7. Supports multiple payment methods (credit card/crypto).
